docs: added more description about connecting UI with right mode. (#7119)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/guide/ui.md

Then you can visit the Vitest UI at <a href="http://localhost:51204/__vitest__/">`http://localhost:51204/__vitest__/`</a>

::: warning

> Make sure you are running it in `watch` mode as it's **not supported** for `run` mode. HTML reporter can be used instead to get generated HTML page with the same results. More details are provided in `TIP` section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI is interactive and requires a running Vite server, so make sure to run Vitest in `watch` mode (the default). Alternatively, you can generate a static HTML report that looks identical to the Vitest UI by specifying `html` in config's `reporters` option.
```
